# CS232
Apartments.java, TestApartments.java

  The goal of this java project was to create a class named apartment. While this class will store the apartment number, the number of bedrooms within the apartment, the number of bathrooms in the apartment (baths), and finally the rent amount. After these objects are stored in the class, the program will then print out information about 5 different apartments. Each apartment contains different information, different apartment numbers, bedrooms, baths, and rent amounts. In order to complete this, a constructor will have to be created. The constructor accepts values for each data field, such as the apartment number and the number of bedrooms and baths, and etc. The next step would be creating a get method for each field. These will return the values for the data fields created. Next is the creation of the new objects. These new objects are all created within the TestApartments.java file. The new objects would contain the different information, and values for each apartment like I stated earlier in this description. There is a total of five different apartments each withholding each's own unique information. Finally, all of the information is printed out in a clean string format that will state the apartment's information that you are currently viewing. After the apartment number is displayed the user will then see the amount of rent, bedrooms, and bathrooms corresponding to that apartment. This will go on until the 5th and final apartment information is displayed and then the code will end. 
